---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Part 2 - Niseko"
date:   2025-03-02
featured_image: japan2.jpg
tags: [japan, snowboarding]
---

Niseko - I was lucky to catch 2 real pow days while I was there with my friends Troy and Isabelle! Troy and I met 2 years ago as tour mates with the Hakuba Prince tour at Naeba and somehow stayed in touch over the years and rode together all 3 seasons/years in Japan despite that we live half way across the world. Your dedication to the sport is inspiring as you have improved so much in the last 2 seasons! Isabelle was my alpine guide to climb Mt Baker last season and so it was also special to get to ride with a very strong snowboarder half way across the world 😊

<!--more-->


There's something special about Japow - despite that I didn't travel with anyone coming into this trip, I had 10 different groups of friends that were in Japan at the same time because my network of friends is quite international. I missed out on the other 8 groups but happy to catch Troy and Isabelle! Honestly as long as I come during core Japow season, I will run into friends.

Because I had rental van this time around, I made two day trips to Rusutsu as well. With my Epic pass, I get 5 consecutive days for free. Unfortunately I didn't catch any pow days there but I did get to ride some trees and had more fun going fast on groomers.

On my rest day, I took a drive to a small fish port called Iwanai. It was a little different because there aren't that many tourists there and got to eat really fresh sushi there that was very inexpensive. The rental van made a difference on this trip in that I would end up in places that seldomly see tourists and it gave me a different perspective on the lives of locals. I actually really enjoyed experiencing this than hitting up the typical tourist attractions.

It's been 2 weeks since my trip and honestly looking back at the trip, I talk about the Mitsubishi Delica rental van more than anything else. Driving was pretty spicy on this trip. I made so many negative comments about the van as I was driving it but I was honestly sad when I went back to Budget to return the van on the last day. I felt like I went through an experience with it and it got me safely where I needed to go on all 8 days despite daily challenges. I bought a mini version of the van as a souvenir. 😊


{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/japan2025/4.jpg" title="" caption="Delica; It was a daily event to dig the van back out!" %}

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/japan2025/9.jpeg" title="" caption="Myself, Isabelle and Troy" %}