---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Part 3 - Mt Shiribetsu"
date:   2025-03-17
featured_image: shiribetsu.jpg
tags: [japan, splitboarding]
---

Splitboarding - Throwback a month ago (Feb 2025) when I was in Hokkaido on a splitboarding adventure. Originally the goal was to go split up Mount Yotei but given a storm rolled in the previous 2 days before the backcountry tour, it was not safe or fun to tour around Mount Yotei. Yotei is a very prominent peak around the Niseko area which I found enticing to try to climb. I knew that summitting was extremely unlikely given the amount of snow that this area gets during the core ski season. My goal was to get a bit past the tree line but it was just not meant to be. For folks really looking to summit Mt Yotei, the best time is usually end of March and in April.

<!--more-->

Instead, I got to climb a smaller peak called Shiribetsu and it was a guided trip. It was a much shorter adventure but none the less fun. The day actually called for strong winds but by the time I made it to the ridge, it wasn't windy and I got a decent view of Yotei and the Rusutsu resort. I realized that I need to get a lot better at touring and skinning up. I have upcoming trips that I am going to splitmo (splitboard + mountaineering) and I'm going on harder terrain with a heavy pack! I'm also working on my skiing these days because I want to get into skimo as well when splitmo really doesn't make sense. I'm getting there! I skied my first (easy) black diamond the other week on skis.

This was a great day and my first day getting to climb something a little more hardcore since my pulmonary embolism episode from my Peru trip. It's been a bit weird coming back out of the mellow 3 months but step by step I'm getting back into it.

Hokkaido is filled with many low key ski touring opportunities if you're up for it! There are many, many small hills with easy access and if you're looking for something more lazy, there are plenty of backcountry access with lifts too.

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/japan2025/PXL_1.jpg" title="" caption="Selfie with Mt Yotei in the back" %}

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/japan2025/splitboarding.jpeg" title="" caption="At the top and about to convert into ride mode" %}
