---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Part 1 - Hokkaido"
date:   2025-02-13
featured_image: tiene.jpg
tags: [japan, snowboarding]
---

Japan 2025 - This is my third snowboarding season in Japan and this one is a little different. I was originally planning to come in early January and stay for 16 days but my health didn't allow me to come. I rebooked this trip about 4 weeks ago and since everything was super last minute, I ended up renting a van to chase different ski resorts and go really off the beaten path.

<!--more-->

It's been a weird 3 months - I had an outstanding climbing season and decided to end the season with an adventure in Peru but instead, I got placed into a three month timeout with the pulmonary embolism afterwards. Not going into full details but I did get the all clear from my care team that I can go back to doing sports the day before I departed for Japan and so it's been strange coming back out of my shell when I wasn't sure if I was able to do this again. Thank you to all of my close friends that took care of me when I was at my absolute rock bottom.

My trip started with sightseeing Otaru and Sapporo - I thought Otaru would be a tourist trap but I actually really enjoyed the small streets with shops. Lots of street food available to try and in classic Hokkaido fashion, it would go from hailing to snowing hard back to clear skies in a very short period of time. I was laughing about how it felt the same as Peru - I was wearing the same outfit, getting hailed on, seeing the same ocean, and eating seafood. Maybe ceviche became sashimi but this time with nicer toilets (bidets) vs Inca toilets. Back in Sapporo, I ended up catching the Sapporo Ice Festival again!

I got to ride at two different resorts at Mt Teine and Kiroro. Very different vibes and fun trees. I bet the slackcountry is outstanding but I was by myself and so I didn't get to go. All the foreigners try to go to Niseko but in reality, many of these more local smaller resorts are actually better if you are willing to look around. The driving to mountain resorts was very scary and absolutely not for the faint of heart. Winter travel is all about patience - it can be so serene and quiet but turning to be so difficult sometimes.

Maybe this is what I need - another self-discovery trip and I get to learn more about myself again.

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/otaru.jpg" title="" caption="Otaru - the romantic bridge" %}

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/japan2025/92.jpg" title="" caption="Delica; Roads were quite spicy sometimes!" %}

{% include image_caption.html imageurl="/images/posts/japan2025/6.jpeg" title="" caption="Mt Tiene" %}